The Hub
=======

@djangotags static
@image portfolio/projects/thehub.png

[[[ An online center for documentation on all of Solaflect Energy's software
systems. ]]]


As an Engineering Technician at [Solaflect Energy][solaflect], I took the
initiative and began both maintaining their existing code base and developing
new products that were desperately needed. As the software body grew, I
developed The Hub&mdash;a centralized collection of online documentation that
would aid both future developers working to extend the projects and mechanical
engineering staff trying to use them.

{@graph
  img_path = "portfolio/projects/thehub/hub_home.png"
}

The screenshot below shows the main projects index. I designed it to be clean,
readable, and functional. The HTML for the individual projects is automatically
generated by a custom-built parser (written in Python) that interprets simple
configuration files and Markdown content to make it easy to extend and alter
the documentation.

{@graph
  img_path = "portfolio/projects/thehub/hub_projects.png"
}

Each project has its own documentation page, with sections automatically
generated from Markdown files specified in a project-specific configuration
file. The different sections allow for simple organization that divides
user-focused documentation from developer-focused documentation.

{@graph
  img_path = "portfolio/projects/thehub/stc.png"
}

This project ultimately amounts to a custom static HTML generator that converts
Markdown content to a fully structured and accessibly styled website that puts
Solaflect's documentation at the fingertips of its employees. While more
complicated and extensive solutions are available in the form of more
conventional CMSs, the fast-paced development cycle at Solaflect favored a
quick and usable solution that would make documentation accessible without
tying up development resources.


[solaflect]: http://www.solaflect.com/
